what's up YouTube you know who it is
this your boy names coming back to live
in some way dramatic gameplay I'm
playing a game of gun game if we cannot
know what that's not fair I don't know
where some guy comes to children with
the Python that's some bullshit right
there again oh my god now i'm about to
play some serious game right here
alright like oh there's one there you go
that's easy getting the Makarov dual
wielded and this is my first time one of
my first times I think it's like my
third four times playing this game
usually my brother plays all the wager
matches and everything and I'm playing
not on that all high roller or ante up I
forgot the one in between where after
all it was called I'm playing on that so
who didn't give me that that's just too
easy oh look this guy up to ah he gets
me again so anyway youtube i'm heading
to New York so I just thought I'd get
one really quick call duty black ops
video way before I leave so here it is
I'm trying to get my black ops
subscribers up that's no I secret out
there so if you have any friends I like
black ops play Kim me up of course two
kids my main game but black ops is much
easier to put out and I'm just trying to
put up as much game plays as possible
look right over here wise you can't you
get someone gets me from behind Nance I
hate you sometimes annoying without mp5k
doesn't that doesn't have 30 bullets and
I don't know why I gave me 30 bullets
per clip and those do little bit
scorpions they're annoying but my friend
caught the chain one of these and
succeeds with it a lot I'm supposed to
do Jesus commentary with it then I
actually did but last second the
commentary got erased so I have to do
this myself and I promised him I'll
getting another commentary of them later
so for my 2k lovers right there since
you're watching this and I barely get
any like UK fans watching this I'm just
tell you right now a new Association
video is on the way I've made some
really nice moves in there
and here you get accepted I'm playing
and I'm gonna spoil it for you guys and
how I missed that guy like how did I
miss him I don't even know but now that
I wanted is dynamic tonight so yeah I'm
just gonna spoil it for you guys I'm
playing the Miami Heat and you gotta
enter a really fun and interesting one
because the least likely parent player
to go off goes off so you're gonna like
that one a lot he's my m16 I used to
love this going back in modern warfare
two used to be my gun and oh you just
get up in there why do you want in
campers oh my god I hate that but anyway
YouTube I'll dude there you go i got
that I got it give me that my favorite
gun the famas of course I guess shopping
behind you have to rush this game and
I'm a terrible rusher honestly my
Katie's been dying and dying because I'm
trying to discover rushing strategy and
black ops it's not doing me that well
anyone could camp and get it out
Florence anyone all right it's a guy
like a honey after getting stuck with
the man you gotta get that hog mom there
you go off that HK 21 kevin garnett not
21 so Kevin Connor I don't know anyone
that has HK and was another fun one no I
got a good dog laughter I this isn't
looking too good man what if this video
goes on YouTube honestly I actually get
humiliated right here min-suk sack i'll
duty what oh my god mins is a fun he
sets the call of duty I watched her
through my pathetic attempt at sniping I
can't snipe my brother's a separate so
if I kill right when I'm about to shoot
him don't you hate when that happens
especially these type of matches pissy
up oh there you I got no let's chasing
and chasing Russia with the sniper we're
rushing with the sniper let's go find
them let's go oh there he goes again oh
he's in the corner I got this I got boo
miss oh he shoot him he should I pop
back up Oh we'll get noob tube Oh
someone's on the rocket watching and I
get my kill but I have to move on to the
second sniper the wa2000 and I hate this
gun
just at least with the l98 the alanine
six whatever you get one shot and you're
done this you need to get like three
consecutive shots to kill someone then I
get new to begin by a camper he's just
camping up in that building i hate when
that happens can't stand your camping
boys but what can i do because i
actually do the lot so i can't be a
hypocrite is I'm trying to stop though
I'm gonna lie it's annoying oh they look
this is mine this is mine Oh Who I got a
little one shot i was lucky he was
damaged him before knife used the RPG my
boys schools for fools he's in one of my
videos scared the living hell out of the
RPG who I got that i missed choking my
second are that's run upstairs I got
that I got this oh he has an RPG too
let's go RPG battle he jumps down stairs
Oh what he go ah someone else killed him
oh I'm about to punish me for just came
market and I get the m7 to LA let's find
another one oh right there that's mine
get another kill move on through the
china lake formerly known as the thumper
in modern warfare i'll get that to move
on to the crossbow oh i'm getting across
both i get cross boat so let's run
around with Russia with the crossbow tip
now let's find someone there's a summer
oh there he is oh I missed that shot
we've got a cop-out oh I kill him
anyways move on to the ballistic knife
come in steal this game Oh Who limb
steals one and I see you guys im a bi
New York and I'm trying to catch up with
some commentaries letters your boy man
signing out and